Clarify devtools.panels.create() path resolution (#20552)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/devtools/panels/create/index.md

- `title`
  - : `string`. The panel's title. This will appear in the row of tabs along the top of the devtools window, and is the main way the user will be able to identify your panel.
- `iconPath`

>   - : `string`. Specifies an icon which will be shown next to the title. It's provided as a URL to an image file that's been bundled with your extension. Chromium-based browsers and Safari resolve this URL as absolute, while Firefox resolves this URL as relative to the current extension page (unless expressed as an absolute URL, e.g. "/icons/panel.png").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : `string`. Specifies an icon which is shown next to the title. It's provided as a URL to an image file that's been bundled with your extension. The URL may be resolved as an absolute URL or relative to the current extension page. See the browser compatibility data for more information.
```
